Kickoffmötesprotokoll för sprint 2

25.10.2013


User stories:

CUST3: As a customer, I can change my mind in the middle of the sale and remove 
or add additional items. (Backloggad från förra sprint)

CUST6: As a customer, I can choose to get a receipt after the sale has been made.

CUST2: As a customer, I can pay for all or some of the items with cash.

CASH6:As a cashier, I can see the amount of change to return to the customer after 
he or she has paid with cash.

SALE1: As a salesman, I can deﬁne the prices of the products retrieved from the 
product catalog

Prioritetsordning för user stories är följande: CUST3, CASH6, CUST2, SALE1, CUST6.

Definition of done:

CUST3: En numpad som syns för kassören, där man med två pilar kan traversera genom listan av inskannade varor. 
Man kan sedan radera en vald produkt och efter det uppdateras listan.

CASH6: Vi skriver manuellt in vad kunden betalar, sedan räknar programmet ut vad växeln blir.

CUST6: Listan på varor ska kunna sparas i JPEG-format.

CUST2: Pengarna som betalas kontant dras av från slutsumman, resten kan betalas med kort.

SALE1: Priserna från produktkatalogen ska kunna definieras.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Retrospektmötesprotokoll för sprint 2

5.11.2013

Färdiga user stories:

CUST3: As a customer, I can change my mind in the middle of the sale and remove 
or add additional items.

CUST6: As a customer, I can choose to get a receipt after the sale has been made.

CUST2: As a customer, I can pay for all or some of the items with cash.

SALE1: As a salesman, I can deﬁne the prices of the products retrieved from the 
product catalog.

Backloggade user stories:

CASH6:As a cashier, I can see the amount of change to return to the customer after 
he or she has paid with cash.

Lärdomar och förbättringar inför följande sprint:

Vi har nu samlat all vår kod i en enda stor pythonfil, vilket gör koden rörig och svåröverskådlig. 
Vi kommer att ägna en del av sprint 3 till att dela upp koden i mindre delar, så att vi lättare kan 
fortsätta arbeta med den.
